warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`i32` -> `i32`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`i32` -> `i32`)
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: the type `[std::option::Option<std::boxed::Box<[u32]>>; 64]` does not permit being left uninitialized
warning: the type `[std::sync::atomic::AtomicUsize; 64]` does not permit being left uninitialized
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
