warning: missing documentation for the crate
warning: `mod.rs` files are required, found `src/xchecks/xchecks.rs`
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: `allow` attribute without specifying a reason
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: `if` expression with an `else if`, but without a final `else`
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
warning: integer literal has a better hexadecimal representation
