warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: unused label
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `::libc`
warning: unused import: `::libc`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unused import: `::libc`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: unused import: `::libc`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: the feature `label_break_value` has been stable since 1.65.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: unreachable statement
warning: unused variable: `image`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `mem_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `malloc_fn`
warning: unused variable: `free_fn`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `val`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `params`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `transformations`
warning: unused variable: `prev_row`
warning: unused variable: `params`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `subvert`
warning: unused variable: `fname`
warning: unused variable: `uncompr`
warning: unused variable: `uncomprLen`
warning: unused variable: `opaque`
warning: unused variable: `opaque`
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `read_ulong_values` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this `if` has identical blocks
warning: the function `read_ulong_values` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: the function `opng_ulratio_to_factor_string` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `opng_initialize` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `opng_initialize` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `pnm_fget_values` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `pnm_fget_bytes` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `minitiff_validate_info` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: statement with no effect
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: statement with no effect
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::third_party::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::third_party::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::third_party::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::third_party::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` has identical blocks
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: unused unary operation that must be used
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: unused unary operation that must be used
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: ambiguous wide pointer comparison, the comparison includes metadata which may not be expected
warning: ambiguous wide pointer comparison, the comparison includes metadata which may not be expected
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: ambiguous wide pointer comparison, the comparison includes metadata which may not be expected
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: unused logical operation that must be used
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: unused unary operation that must be used
warning: unused unary operation that must be used
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: unused logical operation that must be used
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: function pointer comparisons do not produce meaningful results since their addresses are not guaranteed to be unique
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: unused unary operation that must be used
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: path statement with no effect
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fseek` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `ftell` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fwrite` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_rows` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_image_height` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_bKGD` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_hIST` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_PLTE` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_PLTE` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_sBIT` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_tRNS` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_tRNS` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fclose` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fflush` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fopen` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free_data` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_rows` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_image_height` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `getc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fseek` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_read_fn` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_PLTE` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_sBIT` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `getc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fseek` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fgetpos` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fsetpos` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_io_ptr` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_read_png` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_PLTE` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_tRNS` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `pngx_malloc_rows` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `getc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `ungetc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_sBIT` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `pngx_malloc_rows` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `pngx_malloc_rows` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_get_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `getc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `ungetc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fwrite` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_read_fn` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free_data` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc_base` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc_warn` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_chunk_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_benign_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_chunk_benign_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_bKGD` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_hIST` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_PLTE` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_sBIT` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_tRNS` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_unknown_chunks` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc_base` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_check_IHDR` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_app_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_calloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc_warn` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free_data` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fflush` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fwrite` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free_buffer_list` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_create_png_struct` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_destroy_png_struct` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_do_check_palette_indexes` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_app_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_app_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_write_sig` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_write_chunk` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_interlace_handling` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_destroy_info_struct` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_set_write_fn` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_benign_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_handle_as_unknown` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_zstream_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_reset_crc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_calculate_crc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_app_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_malloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_calloc` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_free` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `png_warning` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflate` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflate` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflateReset` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflateInit2_` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflate` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateReset` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateInit2_` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `gz_error` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflate_fast` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflate` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflate` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateParams` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `deflateInit_` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fclose` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fopen` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fprintf` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fread` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fwrite` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `ferror` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `fileno` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflate` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflateEnd` redeclared with a different signature
warning: `inflateInit_` redeclared with a different signature
