warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this function has too many arguments (8/7)
warning: casting integer literal to `i32` is unnecessary
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`i32` -> `i32`)
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u64` -> `u64`)
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this function has too many arguments (9/7)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::libpng::png::png_struct_def` -> `*mut src::libpng::png::png_struct_def`)
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::libpng::png::png_info_def` -> `*mut src::libpng::png::png_info_def`)
warning: casting integer literal to `i32` is unnecessary
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u64` -> `u64`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u64` -> `u64`)
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut u8` -> `*mut u8`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: casting integer literal to `usize` is unnecessary
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u16` -> `u16`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u16` -> `u16`)
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
