warning: the feature `core_intrinsics` is internal to the compiler or standard library
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `std::ffi::c_void`
warning: unused import: `crate::src::libpng::png::png_const_structrp as other_png_const_structrp`
warning: unused import: `std::ptr`
warning: unused imports: `c_int` and `c_uint`
warning: unused import: `std::convert::TryInto`
warning: unused imports: `read` and `write`
warning: unused import: `std::slice`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unused import: `std::ptr`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `std::slice`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around `if` condition
warning: unnecessary parentheses around `if` condition
warning: unnecessary parentheses around `if` condition
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_int`
warning: unused import: `std::fs`
warning: unused import: `std::ffi::CString`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_int`
warning: unused import: `std::ptr`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unused import: `std::ptr`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_char`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_int`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_int`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_uint`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_int`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_uint`
warning: unused import: `std::convert::TryInto`
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_ulong`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `std::os::raw::c_int`
warning: unused import: `std::slice`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `std::ptr`
warning: unused import: `std::ffi::CStr`
warning: unused import: `std::ptr`
warning: unused import: `std::ffi`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: unused import: `std::slice`
warning: unused import: `std::slice`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: unused import: `std::ffi::CString`
warning: unused import: `std::convert::TryInto`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `std::ffi::CStr`
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
    = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
    = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
    = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
    = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: unused attribute
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: the feature `const_mut_refs` has been stable since 1.83.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: the feature `const_fn_fn_ptr_basics` has been stable since 1.61.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: the feature `label_break_value` has been stable since 1.65.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: the feature `ptr_offset_from` has been stable since 1.47.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: unreachable expression
warning: unreachable statement
warning: unused variable: `image`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `count`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `mem_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `malloc_fn`
warning: unused variable: `free_fn`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `val`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info`
warning: unused variable: `info`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `pass`
warning: unused variable: `pass`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `params`
warning: unused variable: `width`
warning: unused variable: `height`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr_ref`
warning: unused variable: `transformations`
warning: unused variable: `prev_row`
warning: unused variable: `ret`
warning: unused variable: `buffer`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `interlace_type`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `i`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `num_pass`
warning: unused variable: `params`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `i`
warning: unused variable: `row_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `channels`
warning: unused variable: `row_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `src_channels`
warning: unused variable: `row_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `row_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `channels`
warning: unused variable: `row_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `width`
warning: unused variable: `row_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `crt_trans_value`
warning: unused variable: `i`
warning: unused variable: `j`
warning: unused variable: `allow_crt_chunk_result`
warning: unused variable: `read_struct_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `write_struct_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `write_struct_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `compr_level_set`
warning: unused variable: `mem_level_set`
warning: unused variable: `strategy_set`
warning: unused variable: `filter_set`
warning: unused variable: `t1`
warning: unused variable: `t2`
warning: unused variable: `t1`
warning: unused variable: `arg`
warning: unused variable: `row_size`
warning: unused variable: `begin_row`
warning: unused variable: `end_row`
warning: unused variable: `stream`
warning: unused variable: `row_pointers`
warning: unused variable: `row_pointers`
warning: unused variable: `block_code`
warning: unused variable: `row_pointers`
warning: unused variable: `row_pointers`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `n`
warning: unused variable: `len`
warning: unused variable: `err`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `ret`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `n`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `subvert`
warning: unused variable: `fname`
warning: unused variable: `uncompr`
warning: unused variable: `uncompr_len`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `err`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `uncompr`
warning: unused variable: `uncompr_data`
warning: unused variable: `uncompr`
warning: unused variable: `error_message`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: variable `n` is assigned to, but never used
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `max_blindex`
warning: unused variable: `dist`
warning: unused variable: `opaque`
warning: unused variable: `opaque`
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `png_malloc_warn` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this function has too many arguments (8/7)
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: casting integer literal to `i32` is unnecessary
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
681 |     eprintln!("libpng warning: {}", warning_message);
681 -     eprintln!("libpng warning: {}", warning_message);
681 +     eprintln!("libpng warning: {warning_message}");
warning: manual implementation of `Option::map`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the function `png_free` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`i32` -> `i32`)
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u64` -> `u64`)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: usage of a legacy numeric constant
warning: the loop variable `iptr` is only used to index `row_pointers`
warning: the loop variable `iptr` is only used to index `row_pointers`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: manual `!RangeInclusive::contains` implementation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: there is no need to manually implement bit rotation
warning: it looks like you're manually copying between slices
warning: it looks like you're manually copying between slices
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `^`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `^`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `^`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `^`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: this operation will always return zero. This is likely not the intended outcome
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this function has too many arguments (9/7)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: manual `!Range::contains` implementation
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: casting integer literal to `u8` is unnecessary
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this operation has no effect
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `get_ulong_value` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `read_ulong_values` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this `if` has identical blocks
warning: the function `read_ulong_values` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
176 |     eprintln!("minitiff: warning: {}", msg);
176 -     eprintln!("minitiff: warning: {}", msg);
176 +     eprintln!("minitiff: warning: {msg}");
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this comparison involving the minimum or maximum element for this type contains a case that is always true or always false
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: creating a `Box` from a void raw pointer
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: comparing with null is better expressed by the `.is_null()` method
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: manual `Range::contains` implementation
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: accessing first element with `opt.get(0)`
warning: this `map_or` can be simplified
warning: this `map_or` can be simplified
warning: this `map_or` can be simplified
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `opng_initialize` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `opng_initialize` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: manually reimplementing `div_ceil`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::libpng::png::png_struct_def` -> `*mut src::libpng::png::png_struct_def`)
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::libpng::png::png_info_def` -> `*mut src::libpng::png::png_info_def`)
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `pnm_fget_values` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `pnm_fget_bytes` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `pnm_fpeek_eof` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: casting integer literal to `i32` is unnecessary
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: this comparison involving the minimum or maximum element for this type contains a case that is always true or always false
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this comparison involving the minimum or maximum element for this type contains a case that is always true or always false
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: variables in the condition are not mutated in the loop body
warning: the loop variable `i` is only used to index `buf_slice`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u64` -> `u64`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u64` -> `u64`)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u32` -> `u32`)
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: casting integer literal to `u32` is unnecessary
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut u8` -> `*mut u8`)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
697 +                 b"warning: different zlib version\n\x00" as *const u8 as
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: variables can be used directly in the `format!` string
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this public function might dereference a raw pointer but is not marked `unsafe`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: casting integer literal to `usize` is unnecessary
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u16` -> `u16`)
warning: casting to the same type is unnecessary (`u16` -> `u16`)
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: use of `offset` with a `usize` casted to an `isize`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` has identical blocks
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: calls to `std::mem::drop` with a value that implements `Copy` does nothing
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: comparison is useless due to type limits
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: unused logical operation that must be used
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: comparison is useless due to type limits
warning: comparison is useless due to type limits
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: function pointer comparisons do not produce meaningful results since their addresses are not guaranteed to be unique
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
