warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3, 'a4, 'a5, 'a6, 'a7
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3, 'a4
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: statement with no effect
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_getter>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_getter>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_getter>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: use of `default` to create a unit struct
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*const ()` -> `*const ()`)
