warning: the feature `core_intrinsics` is internal to the compiler or standard library
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around function argument
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: consider removing unnecessary double parentheses
warning: unnecessary parentheses around method argument
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unnecessary parentheses around block return value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unnecessary parentheses around assigned value
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: unused import: `crate::laertes_rt::*`
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
    = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
    = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign static
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
   = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: `#[no_mangle]` has no effect on a foreign function
  = warning: this was previously accepted by the compiler but is being phased out; it will become a hard error in a future release!
warning: the feature `const_mut_refs` has been stable since 1.83.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: the feature `const_fn_fn_ptr_basics` has been stable since 1.61.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: the feature `label_break_value` has been stable since 1.65.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: the feature `ptr_offset_from` has been stable since 1.47.0 and no longer requires an attribute to enable
warning: unreachable expression
warning: unused variable: `image`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `mem_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `malloc_fn`
warning: unused variable: `free_fn`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `val`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `png_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `params`
warning: unused variable: `info_ptr`
warning: unused variable: `transformations`
warning: unused variable: `prev_row`
warning: unused variable: `params`
warning: unnecessary `unsafe` block
warning: unused variable: `subvert`
warning: unused variable: `fname`
warning: unused variable: `uncompr`
warning: unused variable: `uncomprLen`
warning: unused variable: `opaque`
warning: unused variable: `opaque`
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `png_malloc_warn` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_info_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3, 'a4, 'a5, 'a6, 'a7
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3, 'a4
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_struct_def>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the function `png_free` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: statement with no effect
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: statement with no effect
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `<`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `-`
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_8_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&png_color_16_struct>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_getter>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_getter>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_getter>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this `if` has identical blocks
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: using `clone` on type `Option<&minitiff_info>` which implements the `Copy` trait
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2, 'a3
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unnecessary operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: boolean short circuit operator in statement may be clearer using an explicit test
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this loop never actually loops
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: equal expressions as operands to `!=`
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `fsetpos` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the function `Some` doesn't need a mutable reference
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this OR pattern can be rewritten using a range
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state` -> `*mut src::zlib::deflate::internal_state`)
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: equal expressions as operands to `==`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: you seem to be trying to use `match` for an equality check. Consider using `if`
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: used `expect()` on `Some` value
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1, 'a2
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: this `if` statement can be collapsed
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `else { if .. }` block can be collapsed
824 +                 b"warning: different zlib version\n\x00" as *const u8 as
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: statement with no effect
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*mut *mut i8` -> `*mut *mut i8`)
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: `ref` on an entire `let` pattern is discouraged, take a reference with `&` instead
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a1
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: deref which would be done by auto-deref
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: this `if` has identical blocks
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: use of `default` to create a unit struct
warning: this `map_or` can be simplified
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a
warning: the following explicit lifetimes could be elided: 'a
warning: casting raw pointers to the same type and constness is unnecessary (`*const ()` -> `*const ()`)
warning: empty `loop {}` wastes CPU cycles
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: unused logical operation that must be used
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: unused logical operation that must be used
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a mutable reference to mutable static
warning: unused comparison that must be used
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
warning: creating a shared reference to mutable static
