warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: `0 as *mut _` detected
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: this `map_or` can be simplified
