warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: operator precedence might not be obvious
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: statement with no effect
warning: this boolean expression can be simplified
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
warning: wildcard pattern covers any other pattern as it will match anyway
