warning: module has the same name as its containing module
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: returning the result of a `let` binding from a block
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: `0 as *const _` detected
warning: manual implementation of an assign operation
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: use `std::ptr::eq` when comparing raw pointers
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unsafe function's docs are missing a `# Safety` section
warning: unneeded `return` statement
